on November 5th of 2022
I set forth on a quest to beat Minecraft
by slaying the great Ender Dragon while
also teaching the fine people of the
internet English
thus fishland was born and this series
commenced
over the next several months I built up
an Empire
I built Farms I explored caves I even
dug to the bottom of the world where I
found many diamonds
but then
everything vanished
the hard drive inside my computer failed
the files of my world became corrupt
and fishland was destroyed
and so a new world was born
black dragon's Flame
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up so welcome back to
the series
this is going to be my first video
inside my new world black dragon's Flame
so I named this world black dragon flame
because the final boss in Minecraft is
the Ender Dragon
which is a black dragon so that's why I
named it black dragon's Flame
and I've actually done quite a bit of
work in this world but before I show you
my new world look at this
Minecraft
Java Edition
um
I decided to switch over to Java Edition
in my previous Minecraft videos I was
playing in Bedrock Edition and I was
having a lot of problems with bedrock
Edition so I decided to switch over to
Java and hopefully Java will be better
so single player black dragon's Flame
let's enter the new world
here we are the new world black dragon's
Flame
so I'm going to start this video by
showing you around my world because I've
done a lot of work in this world
I've built many things
so first of all
this is where I sleep
this is supposed to be a hammock
I love sleeping in hammocks in real life
so I thought I would build a hammock in
Minecraft for me to sleep in
and behind me as you can probably hear
is the barn so I have a sheep cows
chickens and pigs in my barn just like
my old barn
this is a little path
that leads right here to the farm but
before I show you the farm I'm going to
sleep
and in the morning I'll show you the
farm
morning
it's a little Lantern as you can
probably tell the game looks a little
bit different than before
there are shadows
I have a shadow right here this is my
shadow
there are shadows and also
there are
reflections in the water
see
they're Reflections that's another
reason why I wanted to switch over to
Java Edition
so this is my farm on my farm I've
planted potatoes
carrots
beet roots
and wheat
and I've also planted flowers all around
my farm
and that's because I want to put a
beehive right here in the middle of my
farm
because then the bees would fly
over to the flowers
collect pollen from the flowers and fly
back to The Beehive in the middle right
here
and when the bees are flying while
holding pollen they drop some of the
pollen and it helps the crops to grow
so I want to put a beehive right here in
the middle
to help the crops grow faster
over there
that is a platform that I built and in
the future I want to build a huge statue
on top of that platform
whoa
down the stairs
this is the entrance to the mine
so just like the old mine this mine goes
all the way to the bottom of the world
which is where I found the diamonds that
I used to build these diamond tools
right next to the mine there is a
fountain that I built hmm
this is a fountain
next to the fountain
there's a bridge this bridge goes over
the Stream
it goes over
the stream
um
over here
this is a building that I will talk
about more a little bit later
inside this building there is a spiral
staircase
and some windows
windows windows
the staircase goes up up up
up up up up
to here this is a tower where you can
Overlook The View
back down
and inside this building there is
a waterfall
so this is water but it's actually a
kind of elevator
because you can swim up the waterfall
very easily watch
swim swim swim
you see it's kind of like an elevator
so now we're on top of the tower
I haven't finished building this Tower
yet I still need to build the roof
up here
but this is another Tower to look over
the area
and in the future if I can get some
elytra
I can jump off of this Tower and fly
okay back down the elevator the water
elevator
and this is the final thing that I built
this is a crafting and storage room
so inside this room there are chests
there are lots of chests and I built
signs up here
that say what is inside the chess
so inside this chest right here there is
deep slate
inside this chest
there are items that mobs drop when you
kill them
inside this chest there are items from
nature like
seeds and flowers and things like that
over here these are armor stands
on these stands you can place armor like
this helmet oops
place
on the armor stand you can place
different pieces of armor like this
helmet see
over here this is a stone cutter
so you can use this to turn Stone into
different kinds of blocks
this is a crafting table this is a loom
for building things out of wool
over here this is an anvil this is a
grindstone this is a Fletching table
I think that this is called a Fletching
table
and this is a smithing table so here and
here these are areas for crafting and
out here
this is a map of the area
so right now I am right here
this is the chest room this is the
fountain this is the barn
this is the mine this is the farm and
these oh
geez
and these are the two huge Towers
so
there's one more building that I still
haven't shown you and that's because
it's not finished yet
it's right here
so this is going to be the enchanting
room
right now it's empty it's night time so
I'm going to sleep but in the morning I
will tell you my goal for this video
sleep
all right
morning so the first thing that I wanted
to do in this video was show you around
my new world
the second thing that I wanted to do in
this video is finish building the
enchanting room so this is going to be
the enchanting room
in my old world I had just finished
building the enchanting table
and I've also built an enchanting table
in this world it's inside this chest
here it is the enchanting table first
I'm going to place the enchanting table
in the enchanting room
[Music]
I'm going to place the enchanting table
right here
there we go so now I've placed the
enchanting table but if I try to use the
enchanting table
Watch What Happens
so I'll put in
my diamond sword
and some lapis
so look at this I can only get level 7
enchantments
seven is okay but it's not great
the enchanting table can be powered up
to level 30. so level seven
isn't that great
so how do I power up the enchanting
table
well you power up an enchanting table by
building books and placing books all
around the enchanting table
so here here here here
all around the enchanting table
so I need to build a bunch of
bookshelves and place them around the
enchanting table in this chest I put
everything that I will need to build the
bookshelves leather to build books
Uh Wood to build the bookshelves and
sugar cane to build paper
I'm going to start by turning all of
this sugar cane into paper
let's see p-a-p-e-r
paper
so I built
60 paper
with paper and leather I will build
books I have 56 books
Now using books and wood
I will build
bookshelves
there we go so now I have 18 bookshelves
which should be enough
think you only need 15 bookshelves to
fully power up the enchanting table
so now I'm going to place these
bookshelves all around the enchanting
table
here here here
here here here here here here
and here
we go one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
fourteen fifteen
so now let's see
now I can get level 30 enchantments
which will be a lot better than level
seven enchantments
but
sadly right now I'm only level 10. I'm
going to end this video right here
I introduced you to the new world and I
also finished building the enchanting
room
so if you liked this video like And
subscribe and in the next video I'll go
exploring Underground
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you in the next video
see ya
[Music]